README.md, before:

# discord.nvim

A Discord <a href="https://discord.com/rich-presence">Rich Presence</a> plugin for  <a href="https://neovim.io">Neovim</a>

## Features

- Light and unobtrusive
- Written in Pure Lua and is [highly configurable](#configuration)
- Custom logo if desired.
- Great looking icons!

## Installation

Use your favorite plugin manager

- [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim):
```lua
{ 
    'mistweaverco/discord.nvim',
    event = "VeryLazy"
}
```

- [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim):
```lua
use 'mistweaverco/discord.nvim'
```

- [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug):
```vim
Plug 'mistweaverco/discord.nvim'
```

#### Notes

- Requires [Neovim 0.5](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/v0.5.0) or higher

## Configuration

Configuration is not necessary for Rich Presence to work. But for those that want to override the default configs, the following options are available to configure in either Lua or VimL.

### Lua

Require the plugin and call `setup` with a config table with one or more of the following keys:

```lua
-- The setup config table shows all available config options with their default values:
require("discord").setup({
    -- General options
    auto_connect        = false,                      -- Automatically connect to Discord RPC
    logo                = "auto",                     -- "auto" or url
    logo_tooltip        = nil,                        -- nil or string
    main_image          = "language",                     -- "language" or "logo"
    client_id           = "1233867420330889286",      -- Use your own Discord application client id (not recommended)
    log_level           = nil,                        -- Log messages at or above this level (one of the following: "debug", "info", "warn", "error")
    debounce_timeout    = 10,                         -- Number of seconds to debounce events (or calls to `:lua package.loaded.presence:update(<filename>, true)`)
    blacklist           = {},                         -- A list of strings or Lua patterns that disable Rich Presence if the current file name, path, or workspace matches
    file_assets         = {},                         -- Custom file asset definitions keyed by file names and extensions (see default config at `lua/presence/file_assets.lua` for reference)
    show_time           = true,                       -- Show the timer
    global_timer        = true,                      -- if set false, timer will be reset on aucmds

    -- Rich Presence text options
    editing_text        = "Editing %s",               -- Format string rendered when an editable file is loaded in the buffer (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    file_explorer_text  = "Browsing %s",              -- Format string rendered when browsing a file explorer (either string or function(file_explorer_name: string): string)
    git_commit_text     = "Committing changes",       -- Format string rendered when committing changes in git (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    plugin_manager_text = "Managing plugins",         -- Format string rendered when managing plugins (either string or function(plugin_manager_name: string): string)
    reading_text        = "Reading %s",               -- Format string rendered when a read-only or unmodifiable file is loaded in the buffer (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    workspace_text      = "Working on %s",            -- Format string rendered when in a git repository (either string or function(project_name: string|nil, filename: string): string)
    line_number_text    = "Line %s out of %s",        -- Format string rendered when `enable_line_number` is set to true (either string or function(line_number: number, line_count: number): string)
    terminal_text       = "Using Terminal",           -- Format string rendered when in terminal mode.
})
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): prepare for sdk usage

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![discord Logo](logo.svg)

# discord.nvim

![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with%20Lua-blueviolet.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=lua)
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/mistweaverco/discord.nvim?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mistweaverco/discord.nvim/releases/latest)

[Requirements](#requirements) • [Install](#install) • [Usage](#usage)

<p></p>

An unobtrusive Discord <a href="https://discord.com/rich-presence">Rich Presence</a> plugin that just works.

<p></p>

</div>

## Requirements

> [!WARNING]
> Requires [Neovim 0.10.1+](https://neovim.io) and [NodeJS 20](https://nodejs.org)

NodeJS is required due to the usage of
the [official SDK](https://discord.com/developers/docs/developer-tools/embedded-app-sdk)

## Features

- Light and unobtrusive
- Written in Pure Lua and is [highly configurable](#configuration)
- Custom logo if desired.
- Great looking icons!

## Installation

Use your favorite plugin manager

- [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim):
```lua
{ 
    'mistweaverco/discord.nvim',
    event = "VeryLazy"
}
```

- [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim):
```lua
use 'mistweaverco/discord.nvim'
```

- [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug):
```vim
Plug 'mistweaverco/discord.nvim'
```

## Configuration

Configuration is not necessary for Rich Presence to work.
But for those that want to override the default configs,
the following options are available to configure Lua.

### Lua

Require the plugin and call `setup` with a config table with one or more of the following keys:

```lua
-- The setup config table shows all available config options with their default values:
require("discord").setup({
    -- General options
    auto_connect        = false,                      -- Automatically connect to Discord RPC
    logo                = "auto",                     -- "auto" or url
    logo_tooltip        = nil,                        -- nil or string
    main_image          = "language",                 -- "language" or "logo"
    client_id           = "1233867420330889286",      -- Use your own Discord application client id (not recommended)
    log_level           = nil,                        -- Log messages at or above this level (one of the following: "debug", "info", "warn", "error")
    debounce_timeout    = 10,                         -- Number of seconds to debounce events (or calls to `:lua package.loaded.presence:update(<filename>, true)`)
    blacklist           = {},                         -- A list of strings or Lua patterns that disable Rich Presence if the current file name, path, or workspace matches
    file_assets         = {},                         -- Custom file asset definitions keyed by file names and extensions (see default config at `lua/presence/file_assets.lua` for reference)
    show_time           = true,                       -- Show the timer
    global_timer        = true,                       -- if set false, timer will be reset on aucmds

    -- Rich Presence text options
    editing_text        = "Editing %s",               -- Format string rendered when an editable file is loaded in the buffer (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    file_explorer_text  = "Browsing %s",              -- Format string rendered when browsing a file explorer (either string or function(file_explorer_name: string): string)
    git_commit_text     = "Committing changes",       -- Format string rendered when committing changes in git (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    plugin_manager_text = "Managing plugins",         -- Format string rendered when managing plugins (either string or function(plugin_manager_name: string): string)
    reading_text        = "Reading %s",               -- Format string rendered when a read-only or unmodifiable file is loaded in the buffer (either string or function(filename: string): string)
    workspace_text      = "Working on %s",            -- Format string rendered when in a git repository (either string or function(project_name: string|nil, filename: string): string)
    line_number_text    = "Line %s out of %s",        -- Format string rendered when `enable_line_number` is set to true (either string or function(line_number: number, line_count: number): string)
    terminal_text       = "Using Terminal",           -- Format string rendered when in terminal mode.
})
```
